you don't need a lot of people to grow
your trafficking sales you can actually
use tools to help you out hey everyone
i'm neil patel and today i'm going to
break down five tools to create a
profitable online business
before we get started make sure you
subscribe to this channel and if you're
on youtube click the alert notification
the first tool i have for you is crazy
egg
look
people come to your website what are
they actually converting crazy egg is a
tool that helps you do a b testing and
conversion optimization what's cool
about crazy egg is anytime you run a
test it'll show you visually where
people are clicking on your page and
sometimes it won't be clicking in the
right areas sometimes they'll be
clicking areas you don't want them to be
or sometimes you have a call to action
button and they can't really tell and no
one clicks on it because it's too far
down the page crazy will show you all
this in mouse recordings and heat maps
and then what you can do with their
wysiwyg editor is adjust the placements
of specific elements and delete things
and test to see if that helps improve
your conversions
the second tool i have for you is hello
bar
leads
the money's in the list the more emails
you have the better off you are collect
as many leads as possible with hellobar
you can collect tons and tons of emails
and you can do it for free
and they have designs for you you can
look like leads with a name an email a
phone number so that way your lead isn't
just an email address and it can sync in
with your crm
number three
mailchimp it's a free email tool what's
more to say than that and they have way
more features but most people use
mailchimp for their email solution and
the cool part about mailchimp is it can
go out there and you can end up sending
emails to literally thousands of people
a month for free if you have a bigger
list you're gonna have to spend some
money but it's a great start and i love
using mailchimp
number four mobile monkey here's what i
love about mobilemonkey they have this
instagram autoresponder solution and
they do with facebook as well instagram
facebook some of the most popular social
networks and what this tool allows you
to do is respond automatically so for
example if you go find my username neil
patel on instagram and you add me and
you send a message and the message could
be anything
you'll get a auto response that is me
pitching my ad agency and np digital and
that works really well and we're
actually getting some leads from it or
if i post a post on instagram and i may
say hey direct message me a specific
word like seo or seo tool or whatever it
may be i can actually set up an
autoresponder that sends you something
specific if you direct message me that
specific word
the fifth tool i have for you is
ubersuggest you can get started with seo
for free you don't need to spend any
money you can do keyword research for
free find content ideas for free figure
out how much traffic your competition
gets for free you can even get hey here
are the lists of my top pages from my
competition that i should go and create
it'll even show you all the people that
linked a handful of your competitors but
don't link to you for free it offers so
many features for free might as well get
started versus paying for something
now if you have a business and you're
trying to do more marketing yes in the
long run hiring more people does help
you out you can use agencies like np
digital you can use contractors but
ideally if you're on a shoestring budget
start with a lot of the free tools out
there and then go from there
if you enjoyed this video like it share
it tell other people about it thank you
for watching
really appreciate it and if you have any
questions you can always leave a comment
and i'm here to help you out